README.md, before:

# evorobotpy3
Evorobotpy3 is a flexible and easy-to-use simulation tool allowing users to implement and test algorithms. The tool provides a list of benchmark problems like classic control, robot locomotion, swarm robotics, competitive co-evolution and others. Evorobotpy3 contains a lot of algorithms ranging from classic Evolutionary Algorithms (e.g., a basic version of the Genetic Algorithm, the Generational Genetic Algorithm, the Steady-State algorithm) to modern Evolutionary Strategies (e.g., CMA-ES, OpenAI-ES, xNES), and supports the use of RL methods like A2C, DDPG, PPO, etc. In addition, the users can define controllers through different types of neural networks (feed-forward, recurrent, LSTM).

One of the most important features of evorobotpy3 is its usability: users can run experiments by specifying all the parameters in a configuration file (see file config.ini in the homepage of the repo). The file is organized in four main sections:

1) [EXP]: this section contains the definition of the environment and the algorithm to be used;
2) [ALGO]: this section includes the parameters related to the specific algorithm indicated in the previous section;
3) [POLICY]: this section contains information about the number of agents, the evaluation of each agent and the neural network controller used;
4) [ENV]: this section is optional and allows to specify optional parameters for the environment.

It is worth noting that training RL algorithms follows a different approach: the configuration file used to train RL algorithms contains only a mandatory [EXP] section, in which the parameter environment must be necessarily specified. Moreover, the file could contain the optional [ENV] section in order to specify the parameters for the task. The readers can have a look at the config.ini file included in the baselines sub-folder. 

Evorobotpy3 has been presented during the 2025 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO 2025). You can find the paper at https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3712255.3726545

Please use this BibTeX to cite this repository in your publications:
```
@inproceedings{evorobotpy3,
  author = {Pagliuca, Paolo and Nolfi, Stefano and Vitanza, Alessandra},
  title = {Evorobotpy3: a flexible and easy-to-use simulation tool for Evolutionary Robotics},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference Companion (GECCO 2025 Companion)},
  year = {2025}
}
```

The authors want to thank Pedro Neves for the implementation of the Double T-Maze environment.

Commit message:

Added more information on the homepage of the repo.

README.md, after:

# evorobotpy3
Evorobotpy3 is a flexible and easy-to-use simulation tool allowing users to implement and test algorithms. The tool provides a list of benchmark problems like classic control, robot locomotion, swarm robotics, competitive co-evolution and others. Evorobotpy3 contains a lot of algorithms ranging from classic Evolutionary Algorithms (e.g., a basic version of the Genetic Algorithm, the Generational Genetic Algorithm, the Steady-State algorithm) to modern Evolutionary Strategies (e.g., CMA-ES, OpenAI-ES, xNES), and supports the use of RL methods like A2C, DDPG and PPO through integration of the stable-baselines3 library, which can be downloaded with pip (command pip install stable-baselines3). In addition, the users can define controllers through different types of neural networks (feed-forward, recurrent, LSTM). A detailed list of packages that must be installed can be found in the packages.txt file available in the homepage of the repo.

One of the most important features of evorobotpy3 is its usability: users can run experiments by specifying all the parameters in a configuration file (see file config.ini in the homepage of the repo). The file is organized in four main sections:

1) [EXP]: this section contains the definition of the environment and the algorithm to be used;
2) [ALGO]: this section includes the parameters related to the specific algorithm indicated in the previous section;
3) [POLICY]: this section contains information about the number of agents, the evaluation of each agent and the neural network controller used;
4) [ENV]: this section is optional and allows to specify optional parameters for the environment.

It is worth noting that training RL algorithms follows a different approach: the configuration file used to train RL algorithms contains only a mandatory [EXP] section, in which the parameter environment must be necessarily specified. Moreover, the file could contain the optional [ENV] section in order to specify the parameters for the task. The readers can have a look at the config.ini file included in the baselines sub-folder.

Evorobotpy3 has been presented during the 2025 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO 2025). You can find the paper at https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3712255.3726545

Please use this BibTeX to cite this repository in your publications:
```
@inproceedings{evorobotpy3,
  author = {Pagliuca, Paolo and Nolfi, Stefano and Vitanza, Alessandra},
  title = {Evorobotpy3: a flexible and easy-to-use simulation tool for Evolutionary Robotics},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference Companion (GECCO 2025 Companion)},
  pages = {155--158},
  year = {2025}
}
```

The authors want to thank Pedro Neves for the implementation of the Double T-Maze environment.
